docs: update test commands to use pytest category flags (#5958)
livekit/agents: AGENTS.md

### Testing
```bash

> uv run pytest --unit                    # Run all unit tests
> uv run pytest tests/test_tools.py       # Run a single test file
> make unit-tests                         # Run unit tests that don't require cloud accounts

Reviewer: Minor: 
```suggestion
uv run pytest --unit  # Run unit tests that don't require cloud accounts
uv run pytest --unit -k tools  # Run unit tests containing "tools" in their name
uv run pytest tests/test_tools.py::test_toolset_equality  # Run specific test
```

Can't automatically apply :/

> Applying suggestions on deleted lines is currently not supported
